so this is the queen's necklace
next week it goes up for auction
probably going to go for 200 million can
i see a roll this weekend
of course you can see raul this weekend
i'm gonna change
i know this is a bit late for the
alimony
where's my money i don't have it i gave
it to my kids well
boom and i'll tell you how to make some
cash a bunch of cash
foundation will put a necklace up for
auction the necklace belonged to marie
antoinette and it's we're going to steal
it
going as janitors and come out
millionaires while we're risking our
asses what are you doing
with me i'm buying the necklace
right this is where you work i'm babacon
your husband's new chauffeur where are
you and your dad from
cynical madam closets it was then
purchased by our dear friends the
pellegrinis
from whom it was stolen 25 years ago
please welcome the daughter of its owner
the lovely
juliet pellegrini have my thanks
ladies and gentlemen we will now begin
the action
for the queen's necklace we'll start the
bidding at
17 million euros oh i have a 33 million
euro view from the gentleman over there
perhaps
why don't you take a book for your son
yeah choose one our song lupone
the gentleman burglar excellent choice
save you some time i bet 60 million
euros
60 did i hear you say 60 million euros
and here is your necklace well when your
money transfer is validated of course
i always put the necklace inside the
safe
can you get into this room yes the truth
is that mr yup was found in a precarious
situation which he pretends as an
injustice
to get revenge he stole the necklace
i didn't do it let's go help me mrs
pellegrini
tell my son
okay let's go help us
[Applause]
[Music]
i'm very sorry you can't be serious mr
cedine is a victim you have no idea how
bad those thugs wrap their mob
happy birthday
arsenal gentlemen
[Music]
okay here's the copy
going as janitors
become our millionaires
well how do i look
are you kidding me again
[Music]
here
the clasp is original the setting is
original no marks on the gemstones i
guarantee you this necklace has never
been taken apart
i heard they found your father's
necklace but it was a copy
i want answers first i can't see his
face now he can't hear his cover yes i
want to install the necklace
i'm asking a question julian okay [ __ ] i
know each other look at that that's
collusion
just give back the necklace huh and i'll
tell the cops that i don't know you tell
me my father was innocent but he was
guilty he signed a confession
[Music]
all right lock the park no one
but i'm guilty of what i'm accused of i
wanted to give you a better life
i failed
[Music]
back then there was a guy in prison with
my father named 18 comey
you get out and i go in your place
i realize it's difficult here at first
but i know you'll get used to it the
father was named babacar
dia you were in prison together
he was alone in his cell i brought him a
book
when i worked in the library he said
that all the answers were inside it's
one of the best private schools in
france
apparently someone wants you to attend
it next year
[Music]
trapped
25 years ago you framed my father i know
you it's better to be guilty and free
than innocent in prison
just sign it think of your son after
your father's death i helped you my son
i helped you a police officer swore to
me that he would help him
that's it that's the whole story he lied
to me
dumont his name was dumont inspector
dumont
[Music]
don't worry dumont that's exactly my
plan
where the [ __ ] am i question
let's go back in time
the app continues to deny everything not
surprised he's a clever one
you had the necklace insurance policy
reappraised and increased right before
it was stolen
be autopsy report
your name's everywhere how much does a
commissioner make
six or seven thousand a month tops even
with overtime nobody makes what you make
what are you using
to your savings account i looked it up
secret accounts just about what they
used to be someone pressured you into
framingham
you're a son yeah
my name's claire hello claire
tell me what you want i want the truth
i've already told you the whole truth
you liar
tell me why you frayed my dad
[Music]
i like being with you
don't get carried away 25 years ago the
commissioner led the investigation where
the necklace was first stolen
[Music]
i checked his location the day of the
theft it's impossible with him
and the prince on my safe well the lab
guys think they were planted there to
incriminate the suspect
this is all a game inspector a game with
rules
and i'm the one who makes them you're
gonna suggest to my wife that she asked
him to sign
in exchange for a reduced sentence
guaranteed
and everybody we need to talk
it's about bubba cartier
so say we need to talk hey
stop
[Music]
i swear you want to take down pellegrini
there's a woman named fabian who can
help you
i found myself facing an army of lawyers
i didn't have the means to defend myself
and i got crushed
we have an enemy in common pellegrini
25 years ago he framed my dad
he frames your father he collects the
insurance and saves his empire
he fooled everyone around him if you
want to buy my weapons
you'll have to pay double double
that's blackmail you've already made a
commitment
boost and i don't care who buys the guns
or where they end up
if you refuse so the guns they use
pellegrini was the one behind all of it
maybe he used insurance money from the
necklace to buy those weapons
so if the salvatore wants to create a
scandal
if he's convinced that what he's saying
is the truth put it down to your
computer and show
yourself i have nothing to hide
none of them looks like the guy who
abducted me and also all four look
different
what about him sir needs a compass at
the loof
he was thrilled to give us a very
detailed description please facebook
last sketch i'm not crazy you know i'm
not
something really wrong here i know thank
you yeah but you can't investigate your
commissioner we are joined tonight by
salvatore
salvatore good evening evening you came
here tonight with a
document a tape that is allegedly
compromising the situation has evolved
on my end
i don't like it either but that's the
way it is if you want to buy my weapons
i don't understand there's nothing
incriminating on this video
search the entire building find him i
think it's a song
a sundial you know love a car son
good evening baby
mr pellegrini would like an address for
a son
this is your last chance the address for
sandhya
[Music]
and you'll never quit in spite of the
danger
and the force is trying to stop you he's
the luckiest guy in france
or he's the greatest thief in the world
don't you start with that too
at least because you're on a league is
no longer on this case don't make me
take you off
[Music]
train leaves in an hour a train our
train
i got you a ticket i'm not sure i'm even
in love with him because
we've been together for so long we have
fun we've
we've been through so much so how's it
look
you can leave them alone but him
get rid of him for good don't let me
down
yes sir
i'm pregnant
[Music]
we're going to be a papa
i see you're also going to are you a fan
of lupone a huge fan
it's paul cernine my train is pulling
into the hove in two minutes let's grab
coffee i'm wearing a beige ring
you two go ahead okay let's go
don't try anything stupid do you know
the mysterious traveller
freeze
hands out take your hands out beige
rainbow
[Music]
ah
all right well anywhere else it looked
ridiculous but here it's cool
look right now that's not what's
important what's important is we're
and you give me a chance
that's not our guy he had a stone from a
necklace
let's bring him back to paris in
question but he had the gem
and he was armed he has a gun license
and an alibi for the night of the
burglary
so the stone someone put it in his
pocket that's all
[Music]
you paul
you